h1. AintaBlog: Open Source Tumblogging

h3. "aintablog.com":http://aintablog.com

Aintablog is an open source blogging platform that attempts to combine the cooler parts of tumblr with more traditional blogging mainstays (commenting anyone?) It's not done. It's really not done.

Still, certain things work. You can create new posts (or as we call them, “articles”), quotes, and even import your Twitter/Flickr/del.icio.us feeds.

This app isn't quite for beginners (yet?). You need to know your way around a Rails app to really get going. With that being said, if you know Rails, then this app should be a piece of cake.

So fork away, and let me know if you add anything cool.

h3. Feature Requests/Bugs

I've set up a Lighthouse project for Aintablog here: "http://nakajima.lighthouseapp.com/projects/14585-aintablog":http://nakajima.lighthouseapp.com/projects/14585-aintablog

h3. Requirements

You're going to need a few gems to start things off.

  sudo gem install feed-normalizer hpricot RedCloth

or

  sudo rake gems:install

If you want to run the test suite, you'll need the mocha gem.

  sudo gem install mocha

h4. Defensio Spam Protection

Aintablog now has built-in Defensio Spam protection. You need to get API keys from "defensio.com":http://defensio.com, then put them into @config/defensio.yml@. If you don't want to use Defensio, you can set the "use_defensio" option to false in config/settings.yml.

h3. TODO

* Put together a better regex for the spanify_links helper
* -Page titles!-
* -Page caching-
* More control over posts (publish_at, -commentable?-)
